hiya mrs. Russell Greenspan VP of
Technology Tudor calm I'm here today to
demo our new mobile application for the
iPhone iPod Touch and the iPad it's a
Tudor comp to go as the mobile companion
for Tudor calm and use the same account
information that you use to access Tudor
calm on your computer so I'm gonna go
ahead and sign in and I'm presented with
the options available to me I can
connect to a tutor for live one-to-one
help I can review resources in our skill
set or library I can look at the files
in my tutor calm Locker or I can review
past sessions that I've had with other
tutors now I've already got a file in my
locker and I'm gonna go ahead and
connect to a tutor for help with this
problem so this problem is about slope
this is where I picked the problem that
I have in my locker there you can see it
and this is where I picked the subject
that I need help in so I need help in
ninth grade algebra when I say connect
and that's it I'm now waiting for the
tutor all right so I've not connected to
the tutor you can see on the left is the
chat area and on the right is the
whiteboard area where the tutor and I
can draw back and forth to each other
and this is the problem that I've shared
with my tutor it's a picture of homework
that I've taken a picture of with my
iPad and now using the whiteboard that
the tutor and I can mark this problem up
so using my finger I'm gonna draw
directly onto this whiteboard here and
the tutor of course is seeing everything
I draw and the tutor can draw back to me
and as the tutor is drawing I'm seeing
on my whiteboard with the tutor is
charming
and I'm gonna go ahead and complete this
equation I can try
she's my finger
increase the thickness and draw sharper
line change the color
so that's how you have a session on your
iPad using tutor.com to go and end this
session at the end of the session I'm
presented with a survey I'm going to say
this tour did an excellent job and
thanks to - first time and that's it
thanks for watching hope you enjoyed
that demo please download the app at
tutor.com slash to go and let us know
what you think